# Projects
1) Speech recognition ivr, when the user calls the extension then an IVR dialplan is played, which accepts the speech (in the form of recording the user's speech input), as well as the digit (DTMF) input. This Ivr is made in Lua language, and this script sends the recording to the NodeJS script which invokes the Google Speech-to-text API, which converts the recorded input to text transcription. After this, the transcription is send back to the Lua script which extracts the keywords from this script and transfers the call to the extension corresponding to the input given. For example, if the user says "I need help with billing" or "billing support" then the customer will be transferred to the extension or number where their billing enquiry will be resolved. This project was done on FreeSWITCH media service, on this media service the dialplans as well as the numbers asscoiated with these dialplans are made, various protocols such as SIP (Session Initiated Protocol), transport protocols such as UDP (User Datagram Protocol) and TCP (Transmission Control Protocol) are followed by this media service. 
2) Numbers game, in here we have a 4x4 matrix with numbers between 1-15 occupying random spaces. This random arrangemment of numbers have to be arranged in to a sorted order, with the range starting from 1 and till 15. A limited number of moves are allowed (4) within which the numbers have to be sorted. If the player does so, then he wins otherwise he loses. The player can move only 1 step at a time with the arrow key. He can move numbers at an empty position only and for each valid move the total number of moves will decrease by 1.
3) Utilized SQL and MySQL Workbench to analyze Instagram user data and drew valuable insights for potential marketing strategies and investor metrics. Performed marketing analysis tasks, including identifying the five oldest users to reward loyal users and finding inactive users to target for engagement through promotional emails. Conducted hashtag research to suggest the top five most commonly used hashtags, assisting a partner brand in optimizing their reach and engagement on the platform. Drew insights on the best day of the week to launch ad campaigns, utilizing data to inform strategic decisions and potential marketing efforts. Calculated user engagement metrics, including the average number of posts per user and the total number of photos per user, to help investors assess the platform's health. Identified potential bots or fake accounts by recognizing users who liked every single photo on the site, demonstrating a keen eye for detecting anomalies in data.
